Knife is surprised
I'll tell you what.
I met them all
How is that possible?
It was my grandfather's spirit in heaven who protected me
When I was in a coma
So he told me.
The person who harmed my grandparents and grandchildren
There will be retribution
Don't play tricks in front of me
I'm afraid this ghost is in your heart
Chen Xiaocha
The last time I read it, you are the bloodline of my Chen family
Let you go
Today you are satirical again
Since you don't go
Just die
Ma Sanjun is Mr. Chen
Sure enough, he gave birth to a good grandson
In just a few days, you not only repaired your meridians
The cultivation base has also improved a lot
Thank you for your kindness
Even so
You are no match for me
Last time you got lucky and got a life back
You won't be so lucky today.